Docs update (#4626)
rotki/rotki: docs/usage_guide.rst

- **Main Loop sleep**: This is the amount of seconds that the main loop of rotki sleeps for. It is set to 20 seconds by default.
- **Max log size**: This is the maximum size in megabytes all logs of a single run can have.
- **Max num of log files**: This is the maximum number of backup (rotated) logs a single run can have.

> - **Instructions per SQLite context switch**: This is the setting to specify how often database context should be switched. Setting it to 0 means making the database synchronous.

Reviewer: Use the same text I have in the UI

```suggestion
- **Instructions per SQLite context switch**: This is the setting to specify Specify after how many sqlite VM instructions to context switch between cooperative threads. Set to 0 to disable async DB access.
```

Author: Done

> - **Instructions per SQLite context switch**: This is the setting to specify Specify after how many sqlite VM instructions to context switch between cooperative threads. Set to 0 to disable async DB access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Instructions per SQLite context switch**: This is the setting to specify after how many sqlite VM instructions to context switch between cooperative threads. Set to 0 to disable async DB access.
```
